readme.md, before:

# dr_scientist [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/polymonster/dr_scientist.svg?style=svg&circle-token=4947316ae6ba47bee765c79654982d990b1dc5be)](https://circleci.com/gh/polymonster/dr_scientist)

The project builds ontop of [pmtech](https://github.com/polymonster/pmtech.git)... please checkout pmtech first and get familiar with how to build

It was a work in progress game that might never be completed, this is being made public as reference for pmtech and how to setup more advanced features: 
- character controller 
- kinematic physics controller
- ecs extensions
- physics ray/ sphere casts for controllers
- collectable items

<img src="https://github.com/polymonster/polymonster.github.io/blob/da8757c5d9e8a142f0f4ef4a83c486109467e7c1/images/pmtech/gifs/dr_scientist.gif" width="1280" />

# Requirements 

requirements:   
[python3](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0)  
[git lfs](https://git-lfs.github.com/)  
[pmtech](https://github.com/polymonster/pmtech.git) to be located one directory above this one (../pmtech)  

# Building 

be sure to update or clone pmtech before running:

```
cd ../pmtech
git pull
git submodule update --init recursive
```
use pmbuild `-help` to see what profiles you can build:

```
pmbuild -help
```

to generate projects (xcode, visual studio) and data to build with 

```
cd dr_scientist
pmbuild <platform> (mac, win32, linux)
```

to build and run from the commandline

```
pmbuild make <platform> dr_scientist -<compiler args>
pmbuild launch <platform> dr_scientist
```

# Controls 

WASD or Left Stick to move.
Q or Button X/A to Jump

Commit message:

- add make and launch tasks for mac

readme.md, after:

# dr_scientist [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/polymonster/dr_scientist.svg?style=svg&circle-token=4947316ae6ba47bee765c79654982d990b1dc5be)](https://circleci.com/gh/polymonster/dr_scientist)

The project builds ontop of [pmtech](https://github.com/polymonster/pmtech.git)... please checkout pmtech first and get familiar with how to build

It was a work in progress game that might never be completed, this is being made public as reference for pmtech and how to setup more advanced features:  

- character controller  
- kinematic physics controller
- ecs extensions
- physics ray/ sphere casts for controllers
- collectable items

<img src="https://github.com/polymonster/polymonster.github.io/blob/da8757c5d9e8a142f0f4ef4a83c486109467e7c1/images/pmtech/gifs/dr_scientist.gif" width="1280" />

## Requirements  

requirements:  
[python3](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0)  
[git lfs](https://git-lfs.github.com/)  
[pmtech](https://github.com/polymonster/pmtech.git) to be located one directory above this one (../pmtech)  

## Cloning

You need to clone and make sure to be setup with `git-lfs`.  

```text
git clone https://github.com/polymonster/dr_scientist
cd dr_scientist
git lfs install
git lfs fetch
```

## Building  

be sure to update or clone pmtech before running:

```text
cd ../pmtech
git pull
git submodule update --init recursive
```

use pmbuild `-help` to see what profiles you can build:

```text
pmbuild -help
```

to generate projects (xcode, visual studio) and data to build with the following, you only need to build `-libs` the first time.

```text
cd dr_scientist
pmbuild <platform> -libs // only required the first time
pmbuild <platform>
```

to build and run from the commandline:

```text
pmbuild make <platform> dr_scientist -<compiler args>
pmbuild launch <platform> dr_scientist
```

for the launch command with debug builds the target is called `dr_scientist_d`, release builds `dr_scientist`

## Controls  

WASD or Left Stick to move.
Q or Button X/A to Jump.
